For my project I used VS with the use of a uv, and pytest. But mainly used googles gemini to work with my project, I did use chatgpt at times with troubleshotting that was very hard to be done withe gemini. When writing my finalproject I wanted something different from my code from task 1-task 5 I belive that they worked will but it was simple and was roughly the samee thing pretty much through all of the task. I think it was same through task 1, 2 and 3 even when I wrote different code for it. For my prototype I also belive that they were all differnet they all had some thing different and now throigh my final project it was kind of a mix of all the them. Which showed exactly what I needed. One of the hardest part was tlaking to gemini I feel like if I wasnt descriptive enough I would get something completey different then what I was looking for. But also the fact that gemini format was completely different then what I had was diffucly it assumend something so different half of the time which made it really diffcult when debugging because the code that I got was long so I was stuck going over and trying to figure out everything for a long time, leading to hours and hours of debugging.But also the way that it would name files so differently I think looking back I had multiple instances where the file name was so different then what I ahd named it or had indicated to name it so I had to chat about fixing that error.  Which is why when having promblems with my terminal I ended up leaning towards chatgpt as it was much easier to understand. What I did like about gemini though was that I could see all the files made in the chat so I was able to jump through the files without having to search for it specifically. I think that feature was the coolest when I was trying to fix my github repository. For my final project I wanted to create something as similar as y other task and prototypes while also adding something new. I decided to add the workschedule since it would be helpful for working studnets. The listing of the schedule was also really cool since I listed everything through day. For my adding tasks and adding notes I had already had something like that in not only my previous prototypes but in my previous task the only thing that was different was the priorty that in this case just gives off a low or medium or high in which the past was numbered. The listing was also already added and so was the task what was new was the search which through one word could look through task which would work similar to CMD F you would make on a computer. With that was so linking which connected the notes and the task that needed to be done. When trying to get my code I asked for it to be more organized not just a add task or delete task but instead is organized in giving us a main menu and giving us the options to choose from. 
